Meeting Title: Aloa <> CoachLinq Scope Overview
Date: Jul 29
Meeting participants: Dawei Li, Malencar


Transcript:
 
Them: Systems where if they have an EMR system or EHR system that they  
Me: EHR system, the EHR system, everything could use. This part  
Them: could use this bot to help enhance the user experience.  
Me: help enhance the user experience and have it to be able  
Them: And have it to be a very credible resource for their patients.  
Me: credible resource for their patients. The other key piece that we wanna make sure it does is up as  
Them: The other key piece that we want to make sure it does is up escalate to a human and deescalate from the bot  
Me: to a human and deescalate from the bot or from the human  
Them: or from the human down to the bot and then have the learnings being shared across  
Me: down to the bot, and then kind of the learn. Being shared across that ecosystem.  
Them: that ecosystem.  
Me: Mhmm. So they're  
Them: So there is a lot of information within the EMR  
Me: lot of it within the EHR system, how  
Them: system, how the patients track their food, what  
Me: the patients track their food, what they interact with, the kinds of  
Them: they interact with in terms of education,  
Me: education,  
Them: you know, what the conversation might have been with that  
Me: you know, what the conversation might have been them. Person and the human health coach, what is that  
Them: person and the human health coach. What does that AI bot need to  
Me: thought I need to understand from those chart notes  
Them: understand from those chart notes? What so  
Me: So we wanted to be very smart on the clinical  
Them: wanted to be very smart on the clinical insights that are being produced  
Me: insights that are being produced within the EMR system.  
Them: within the EMR system and essentially it doesn't need to be perfect but we want it  
Me: And, essentially, it doesn't need to be perfect, but we wanna it to be just enough so that we could go  
Them: to be just enough so that we could go and pitch it to get seed funding.  
Me: pitch it to get seed funding and and for the  
Them: And then from there obviously build out, you know, get all the sort  
Me: obviously build out you know. Get all the certifications and all the  
Them: and all the those kinds of pieces that need to be  
Me: those kinds of pieces that could be. I think ready and  
Them: I think, ready in a, you know, in a clinical medical space.  
Me: you know, a clinical medical space.  
Them: So anyways, that's high level  
Me: Anyways, that's high level. So far.  
Them: so far.  
Me: Yeah. Okay. I I actually that's so interesting. The so I had a questions just based on that alone. You mentioned patients will use this directly. But then also I think you mentioned some providers will use it too, or no? Did I did I miss  
Them: The health coach. So our health coaches would, or could potentially use it too. So, like,  
Me: The health coach. So our health coaches would or could potentially use it too. So, like, they have a new patient, and they wanna get  
Them: they have a new patient and they want to get maybe clinical insights from  
Me: the clinical insights from from the that helps them to, like,  
Them: the bot that helps them to like  
Me: drive more.  
Them: drive more of their  
Me: Communication  
Them: communication. But it doesn't need to start there if that's  
Me: it doesn't need to start there. That's too for the scope. We'd like for it to start with just the patient  
Them: too complex for the scope. We'd like for it to start with just the patient  
Me: and the bot interaction and the escalations. Like, that would be our  
Them: and the bot interaction and the escalations.  
Me: first step. Second step could be the other  
Them: Like that would be our first step. Second step could be the other  
Me: the other ecosystem. And then we think there's, like, some  
Them: the other ecosystem, and then maybe there's, like, some mock ups that  
Me: lockups that can show that a little  
Them: can show the evolution of what we wanna do.  
Me: evolution of what we wanna do. And particularly, we wanted to have  
Them: Particularly, we wanted to have clinical insights  
Me: clinical insights in the sleep space as I've been  
Them: in the sleep space as I mentioned,  
Me: mentioned. First and obesity in the second. Sleeping  
Them: first and obesity being the second. Sleep being  
Me: like, taking insights like I was describing on the EMR  
Them: like taking insights like I was describing on the EMR  
Me: for, like, nutrition and whatnot. It would be, like, their CPAP, you  
Them: for like nutrition and whatnot. It would be like their CPAP  
Me: usage and other, like, medical device usage where  
Them: usage and other like medical device usage where  
Me: it would learn from that.  
Them: would learn from that  
Me: Usage to drive  
Them: usage to drive  
Me: life based  
Them: lifestyle based  
Me: but, like, they didn't interact with  
Them: prompts in interaction with that user. So that would be I mean,  
Me: that user. That would be I mean, I do.  
Them: ideal  
Me: MVP, but  
Them: MVP, but if it needs to be scoped down for  
Me: needs to be scaled down for cost reasons, we can start with  
Them: cost reasons, we can start with just  
Me: just other  
Them: our EMR  
Me: life lifestyle.  
Them: lifestyle,  
Me: Human  
Them: human or sorry user to bot and like leave it there. Right? And then just  
Me: there. Human then just kind of paint the picture for the road map. Okay.  
Them: kind of paint the picture for the roadmap.  
Me: To be able to do. Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Coincidentally, I just we just,  
Them: Is what we wanna be able to do.  
Me: something for a sleep clinic, actually. Like, a neurologist has a sleep clinic who worked with us.  
Them: Okay. Nice.  
Me: It's very different, though. Like, they they wanted a transcription software, something to help transcribe clinical notes. That he records. It's like  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: know, like, an hour and a half of audio for, like, 20 patients, and it takes them forever to transcribe it. So there's a lot of, like, sleep medicines, a lot of things like, yeah, CPAPs, sleep apnea.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Lot of medical conditions in there. So it's quite a challenge, actually, like, to make sure that all those things are correct. So, like, we don't wanna obviously don't want your bot to make things up, so we had to, like, hook it up to a real database of, like, drugs, real database of conditions. So it can get quite complex,  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: pretty quick here, I'd say. I'm  
Them: Yeah. I would imagine.  
Me: The other thing is do you need the MVP to be HIPAA compliant? Because that also will add quite a bit of complexity.  
Them: I think the MVP can be  
Me: I think that MVP could be non HIPAA compliant, but I think  
Them: non HIPAA compliant, but I think the framework needs to lend itself  
Me: think that framework eventually.  
Them: to be eventually.  
Me: Yeah. So I think we just  
Them: So I mean, I think we just wanna get something quick  
Me: wanna get something quick so that we can start pitching.  
Them: so that we can start pitching, and then we would create an environment  
Me: Would prevent environment within our current EMR system. Yeah.  
Them: within our current EMR system.  
Me: One or two coaches that are kinda testing it, so it's not deployed through  
Them: With, like, one or two coaches that are kinda testing it so it's not deployed throughout  
Me: entire Yeah. And some fake patient data. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah.  
Them: entire network. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Does need to be integrated. With other EHRs, as well as your current EHR. So that that that's Eventually. The  
Me: Eventually. Gotcha. We don't  
Them: the scope.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah, it's just like it is in between.  
Them: Yeah. Well well, let's see. Yeah. The scope for the MVP is integrating it with their current EHR. So Yeah. It's not just, like, fine tuning and prompt injecting, like, the the bot, but also the work to integrate with the current EHR system as well.  
Me: Yeah. I mean, we can propose, like, maybe or, like, different tiers of complexity. There's definitely there's a world in which we might wanna just do it completely outside of the EHR for now. Like, we can explore what it would look like to do that, but I imagine there's no way they would let you connect it unless the application is HIPAA compliant. So if we don't wanna deal with that right now, we could just set up, again, a a  
Them: I see.  
Me: not a real EHR, but, like, a dummy database and just do it that way for MVP. But if you think it would be more important for pitching to have it actually connected, then that's a different that'd be a little bit different. Yeah. Yeah. Both are Maybe we should see it, like,  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: side by side to make a choice. Yeah. We can do that.  
Them: Maybe we should see it, like, side by side and make a choice. I mean,  
Me: I think first the  
Them: I think the first the most important is to show the core functionality and show the road map  
Me: important is to show court  
Them: of it and eventually have it be  
Me: allow it to be kept a complaint to do.  
Them: the framework allow it to be HIPAA compliant and  
Me: I was in the goal. Being, it should be insured or  
Them: obviously the goal being into EHRs or into other sort of HIPAA compliant environments that  
Me: environments that the goal. Right now. So kinda like  
Them: it can communicate with. Like that's the goal, right? So kinda like a plug in that  
Me: a plug in they could turn on turn off. Yeah. Exactly. For the  
Them: they could turn on or turn off  
Me: Yeah. That's perfect. Actually, again, the thing we just made,  
Them: you know, for the system.  
Me: the the infrastructure we built for it was pretty easy to Like, when we were testing, we weren't doing it HIPAA compliant, obviously. But when we actually deployed it for the the sleep clinic, the neurologist, It was pretty easy. I could just swap it for our compliant infrastructure. Had to learn quite a bit about it, but I think we got that part down now. So it shouldn't be too bad  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: But yeah, I'm trying to think,  
Them: I know another thing that Michelle wanted was to have markups  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: to present to investors as well.  
Me: I feel like it would be best to step separate the two products. I'm not sure what I answered about it. Bryan puts it, like,  
Them: I feel like it would be best to separate the two projects. I'm not sure how you feel about Bryan, in terms of, like, one project is is the POC for the chatbot, but then have another designer like, designer work on, like, the other  
Me: Yeah. I I would probably agree as well. Actually, the more I think  
Them: screens. For  
Me: it, the more I think it doesn't make sense to integrate with the EHR for the first MVP, the proof of concept at least. Just because if we did that, we would have to do because HIPAA is pretty much all or nothing. We would have to do things like proper authorization, authentication, access trails, audit logs, stuff like that. Which is, like, a lot of overhead for just a proof of concept, I feel like. Again, we can do it, and I can do a proposal that has both options. But it does feel a little bit overkill.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: But yeah.  
Them: And we will take your But if that's important to if that's what's done on you guys I mean, we you know your investors best. So if that's what's gonna land you guys the seed money, then I think, guys can decide on that priority. Maybe you can sort of give us two options, and then my cofounder and I can kind of kick it around and see what would make the most sense. I mean, obviously, our goal is  
Me: Like the secret, and then we can really do it right. And so I think and from our  
Them: to just land the seed round and then we can really do it right. And so I think  
Me: funds this space.  
Them: from our experience raising funds in this space,  
Me: Really help because it shows clear  
Them: the mock ups really help because it shows a clear  
Me: description of what the room map's gonna be. Mhmm. For  
Them: description of what the roadmap's gonna be.  
Me: for the road map, and if we can, like,  
Them: Or at least what our vision is for the road map and if we can land the right investor they could say,  
Me: Mhmm. They can see. You know. Put it right or and all that stuff. At least we show them  
Them: you know, going right or left and all that stuff. But at least we show that what we're  
Me: impactful. Yeah. I mean, we could definitely do those in parallel, like, mock ups  
Them: envisioning has been really impactful.  
Me: for the future screens and then working on the actual chatbot functionality. And then, yeah, like, like you said, we'll give two options. Even if you decide to go, let the proof of concept non HIPAA compliant route, we'll still put it into, like, the road map where it's like, hey. Here's our plan. Make a HIPAA compliant. You know, we do have a plan. We're not just gonna wing it. We do know how to make it HIPAA compliant. We just haven't done it yet. So maybe that'll help. And we can, like, draft up all the technical documentation that you'll need for that.  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: Okay. That makes sense.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: You're coming out. Actually, I had a good time. We just learned  
Them: That makes sense.  
Me: a ton about it. I actually have a, I just literally, like, today finished our case study about  
Them: Nice.  
Me: what we learned from it too, so I can send that to you as well. I had a little bit Maybe you have  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: person is sleep a little bit. Tap on because  
Them: Maybe your person in sleep will like our chatbot because I'm they're telling you this  
Me: bit.  
Them: sleep market loves what we're I mean, we've pitched it to  
Me: Yeah. So far. So  
Them: several different sleep companies, and they're all about it. Well, at least so far. So  
Me: we've got you know, we're consents for employees for funding  
Them: we've gotten, you know, verbal consents for LOIs for our funding round for this. So  
Me: for this. So that's why we wanna go after sleep first. Because we see a big place.  
Them: that's why we wanna go after sleep first because we see a big Nice.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty cool. Yeah.  
Them: Niche for it right now. Yeah.  
Me: Because it's you just video.  
Them: Yeah. And you can, I think I sent you the video? We did a video case studies on YouTube that walks you through that transcription app.  
Me: And something like Yeah. So  
Them: Different models that they tried and and stuff like that.  
Me: the user  
Them: To  
Me: at least some of the some of the videos are also in the written case studies, so we  
Them: be able to transcribe the  
Me: one. Yeah. I'll send I'll send the written one as well, but  
Them: That'd be great.  
Me: the written one does have a like, a demo on the side as well. It's like an interactive demo. Where you can actually try the non HIPAA compliant version of the application. We don't can't make the HIPAA compliant one. Public available, obviously, because how do you how do you authorize access to that?  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: We do have a non HIPAA compliant demo of the transcription tool, you can try that as  
Them: Right.  
Me: It's, like, part of the case study. You'll see. Okay. That'd be great.  
Them: Okay. That'd be great. That'll help us kinda frame it.  
Me: All. Us, Kent. Frame it. And then how does it work So I mean, I don't I live with a  
Them: And then how does it work? So, I mean, I don't I've met with a, you know, couple of  
Me: you know, couple of different options of course. It's hard to know, like,  
Them: developer options, of course, and it's hard to know, like, what  
Me: what is the right fit. For. Okay? Built in now.  
Them: is the right fit for, okay. You guys have built it. Now we're gonna go pitch it, and  
Me: Gonna go kitchen. And something for So  
Them: and something breaks or we were like, I don't know how that all works. But yeah, I think you guys have a clear picture of what we're  
Me: we're trying to accomplish. We just need something functional for our picture that, you know, for anticipating on  
Them: trying to accomplish. We just need something functional for  
Me: about three to six months to get it Mhmm. Funding.  
Them: our pitch, know, which we're anticipating will take about three to six months to get  
Me: To close. So how does that work? For you?  
Them: funding to close.  
Me: So, usually, what we'll do  
Them: So how does that work for you all?  
Me: it's tough because we're just building a proof of concept, but and not, like, a full fledged product.  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: So most likely, we're just gonna have to have, like, a set of like, decent examples we know will work and, like, tell the investors, hey. You should try these examples. You can play with it on your own as well. Like, you can try know, putting your own stuff in there. But there might be glitches here and there. It's really hard to, like, guarantee against that unless we spend a ton of time doing that. We actually built again, another tool, like an internal tool  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: just for testing Like, even changing one word in the prompt can change everything. We, like, change something to add units to dosages, and it started capitalizing drug names even though we didn't say anything about that. So it's can be really sensitive, but for proof of concept, I don't there's gonna be so many edge cases that we'll have to tackle where it's like, we could spend a lot of time on it, but I think it just makes sense to give a couple happy paths, as we call it, You know, hey. Try these examples. We know they're gonna do well. You can layer with it too. You can get a little creative.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Just know that there might be a weird glitches here and there. Even if the model changes, like, if if, you know, ChatGPT or whoever decides to update their model, something can break, and we'll have  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: to fix all that. But, yeah, we'll probably just have to say, like, here's what we know will work. It's really hard to predict every single usage of it. And that's kind of, like, also why we would wanna start with a proof of concept in the first place. Yeah. Get those test coaches using it. They're gonna report bugs and problems  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: and, like, hey. When I ask this, it completely went off the rails. And then we'll fix that in the final. But I think, yeah, for a proof of concept, it's gonna be hard to expect it to, like, be 100% perfect. And we  
Them: Totally. And we  
Me: I totally understand that. I think it's a it can be found to take a  
Them: totally understand that, and I think it's and maybe once we go further down  
Me: couple of price  
Them: the road, we have a couple of  
Me: that we wanted to work for. We just finished a clinical trial  
Them: I guess, key enterprise customers that we wanted to  
Me: a company called Abiomed. They have a  
Them: work for. We just finished a clinical trial with a company called ApneMed. They  
Me: wearable ring that's like an oxygen saturation, but it's for the sleep market.  
Them: have a wearable ring that's like oxygen saturation, but it's for the sleep market.  
Me: And so we like to be able to show like, what that would look like because they're able  
Them: And so we'd love to be able to show like what that would look like  
Me: a potential you know, key investor buyer.  
Them: because they're  
Me: That kind of stuff. And then all of  
Them: a potential, you know, key investor, buyer, all that kind of stuff.  
Me: also, the general sleep. Like, physician interventions for drug  
Them: And then also in like the general sleep, like physician interactions for driving like CPAP usage. But  
Me: like CPAP. Usage. But the foundation for the bot should be the same no matter what. Whether it's, like, lifestyle and you know, clinical So I guess maybe that can give you just something to think about because wanna show it to some key strategic first. And so  
Them: the foundation for the bot should be the same no matter what. Where it's, like, lifestyle and you know clinical. So I guess maybe that can give you because we wanna show it to some key strategics.  
Me: those one would we wanna make sure work really well. So  
Them: First. And so those one we would wanna make sure work really well so that  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we could definitely like to, like,  
Them: we can get in.  
Me: cheat a little bit, like, in terms of, like, make sure it definitely works for those use cases and, like, we don't have to fully test, like, I don't know, like, like, people with, like, multiple sclerosis. Like, we don't have to test those. You just cases right now. Like, we could Yeah. Do a little bit of surface level testing, but  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: yeah, we can definitely, like, hyperfocus it towards the initial use cases. Okay. And then, like, like you said, yeah, we'll as things get reported, like,  
Them: Okay.  
Me: we find issues, we can definitely get those fixed. Yeah. We can, like, do, like, like, hourly work or something to, like, touch those up if you're not ready for, like, a big like, full build out. I was gonna say,  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: Oh, and then we'll also make sure you have access to the code like, whenever what as soon as we start working on it, you'll have access to the code. So things like if you need to just change the prompt, for example, like, you can just go in and do that. Okay. Don't necessarily need to, like, know how to, like, code or change things. You could teach the  
Them: Okay.  
Me: technical people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  
Them: Alright. You can teach the nontechnical people.  
Me: Yeah. It's not too hard. I mean It's not too hard.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: Yeah. Sure. Okay. Well, it's like like I said, we just need to get the seed real that we can  
Them: Right. Yeah. It's not too hard. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Well, it I said, we just need to get this  
Me: really Exactly. Yeah. I mean, that was something else that we're talking about before. I'd like  
Them: seed round, then we can really dive in. Right? Because  
Me: work really wanna find a group where  
Them: mean and that was something else that we were talking about before. It's like, we're we really wanna find a group where  
Me: we can continue to this road. Together and just you know, kind of be  
Them: we can continue down this road map together and just  
Me: one trip partner hopefully, sort of an extension, you know,  
Them: you know, kind of be long term partners hopefully and have  
Me: we're trying to accomplish and  
Them: sort of an extension you know, what we're trying to accomplish and  
Me: first MVP, we're trying to keep it, like, super bare  
Them: so, yeah, this first MVP we're trying to keep it like super bare bones like  
Me: bones. Like the co founders are like fun to get our just so we can go out together. Yeah.  
Them: the cofounders are, like, funding it ourselves just so we can go out to get  
Me: Some real capital Right? And then if we really wanna go for it.  
Them: some real capital, right? And then we really wanna go for it. So  
Me: So Yeah. I will. Place that be prototype and then here's the mock ups, use of funds,  
Them: we build the pitch, it'll be prototype and then here's the mock ups, use of  
Me: and then here's the break. Up. So what  
Them: funds, and then here's the road map. So  
Me: trying to accomplish right now. For sure. Yeah. I I will say also to to toot  
Them: that's what we're trying to accomplish right now.  
Me: toot our own horn a little bit. A lot of, like, AI firms that you'll talk to will, like, claim everyone's gonna say they're an expert on AI. We found that the majority of them just build, like, chatbots and essentially what we call chat g p t wrappers. Like, all they do is use chat chat GBT with no fancy tech, they just, like, wrap around it, which, to be fair, for the proof of concept that we're building, kind of similar. It's kinda just a chatbot, kind of a chatty bitty wrapper. There's gonna be, like, additional technical challenges we'll have to solve, like pulling in the data. But at its core, like, chatbots are probably the simplest application of this. And in that aspect, yeah, I think I still think we're the experts, but we're probably not too far ahead of the other agencies you might speak with. But when it comes to other, like, full fledged in production, getting AI in production, I feel like that's actually our where our advantage is. Like, we  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: we are, like, living and breathing AI right now. It changes every day literally. There's a new new Chinese model came out, like, yesterday. It's, like, beating every It's like, what's going on? But we're not just trying to chase, like, the new trends either. Like, for production apps, especially medical, they need to be stable enough. Yeah. And, again, that's what a lot of our case study is actually on too is, like, making it stable.  
Them: Yeah. Great.  
Me: And ready for production. Doesn't just look good in a in a demo, which, again, like I said, to be fair, that's what we're gonna be doing this first stage. But for the future build out, Yeah. We have a lot more experience building things for production, I would say. And that would be helpful.  
Them: Yep.  
Me: Like  
Them: And that'll be helpful, like, any  
Me: any kind of blur information, like, that would be helpful.  
Them: kind of blurb or, information like that will be helpful. That not only we can put in our pitch deck, but we're also going for a a grant SBIR for innovation. I don't know if you guys have worked in those. So we wanna, like, kinda go after funding in a lot of  
Me: We're submitting for. And then, basically,  
Them: channels. And I can actually share with you, like, our breakdown of what we're  
Me: we can see what where we're headed.  
Them: submitting for in this space so you can see what where we're headed.  
Me: Is so important as, you know, sort of  
Them: With that. But like all that stuff is so important as, you know, sort of as we submit the  
Me: as we submit the grant. To. Something like I I'd love to have any of that, specifically, because I did  
Them: grant too. And Mhmm. So we'd love I I'd love to have any of that specifically to show  
Me: differentiation. Yeah. Well, we can draft something up for sure, like, on our  
Them: differentiation.  
Me: on our experience on on what we're doing. Our our one of our cofounders, Chris, he even got sponsored recently by Anthropic, the the company that made Claude. He has a YouTube channel with, like, 35 k subscribers, and they're literally Anthropic is sponsoring him. So it's like, he's definitely an expert.  
Them: That's cool. That's great. He has the most viewed, video on  
Me: That's true. Helps? Claude is one of the biggest models, and, yeah, he has, like,  
Them: ClotCode. On YouTube right now.  
Me: the biggest video on it.  
Them: Wow. That's awesome.  
Me: We'll definitely, like, do something Okay. Blurb or whatever.  
Them: That's so cool. Okay.  
Me: Or, like, even, like, a write up. Yeah. That's like, here's our expertise. You know?  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Yep. Be super helpful. Helpful. And  
Them: Yeah. That would be super helpful, and  
Me: share with you that we're gonna that we did. For them. Funding we've been  
Them: and I can share with you the write up that we did for the  
Me: for the last year. Taking.  
Them: funding announcement for the SBIR that we're shooting for, this  
Me: Six months. So we're anticipating to go  
Them: September submission for that. Grants are, like, six months. So  
Me: proceed between. Right? And then the  
Them: we're anticipating to go for seed in between, right? And then if the grant hits,  
Me: Yeah. We could do some other interesting things with that So let him  
Them: you know, we can do some other interesting things with that. So  
Me: we wanna some something quick dirty, but easy to fill with these strategic  
Them: like I said, we want something  
Me: as well.  
Them: quick and dirty but easy to show in these strategics is where we're at right now.  
Me: Right now. Yeah. Just send honestly, yeah, send that too because that might give me other ideas of, like, maybe like, here's one aspect I wanna focus on, like, a lot. Or something. Yeah. Send send that for sure. And then also, like, just what areas that you you would want us to contribute some bookings to. Just highlight those for us. Yeah. I can do that.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: Sweet. Okay.  
Them: Yep. I can do that. I'll work with Bryan. We'll put together a proposal that contains the the design quote, and then well as the quote for the proof of concept, which is the chatbot. Okay. There was one other thing that you mentioned about the chatbot that had a functionality. You said, like,  
Me: It was like  
Them: it wasn't, like, was it the word you use was scale up, scale down? Yeah. The escalation.  
Me: I think that's one of the key components we wanna show  
Them: Yeah. Escalation and deescalation. I think that's one of the key  
Me: within the concept that it'll  
Them: components we wanna show within the proof of concept.  
Me: ask to a human. And obviously,  
Them: That it'll escalate to a human. And obviously on our services business,  
Me: that could go more even the coaches, but eventually could go to a helps us  
Them: that could go to our human coaches, but eventually it could go to a  
Me: who would like we just  
Them: health system team of professionals or who Like we just wanna show that  
Me: escalation deescalation. I think that's  
Them: multidisciplinary up escalation and de escalation  
Me: be I mean, at least. Something because  
Them: I think that'll be, I mean, at least in our mind, something a  
Me: differentiator. How do you envision that for now? Is it just like sending off an email to their  
Them: is a big differentiator.  
Me: like, provider or, like, what do you, I mean, yeah, I know the function is. We could do. Like, within our EMR  
Them: I mean, yeah, I don't know what the functions that we could do, but, like, within our EMR right now would be to create a  
Me: a summary of what happened in the  
Them: task for the human coach and, like, you know, give them a  
Me: coach would take action and then some kind of  
Them: a summary of what happened, and then the coach would take action. And then  
Me: be thought and see what happened.  
Them: somehow the action would be on that task and then the bot would see what happened. Like that's  
Me: Work in most  
Them: kind of what we thought about and what would probably work in most  
Me: with human Yeah. That  
Them: EMR systems with humans  
Me: perfect. I don't know.  
Them: integrated. So that was at least our vision. I know if  
Me: But Like, we're hoping we could do, like,  
Them: we'll be able to do that but  
Me: like, a sandbox EMR just for the demo or something like that where it's, like,  
Them: that's the thought.  
Me: you know, we we send it with task, but it doesn't actually go to the email. It, like, goes to our like, fake EMR or something like I don't know. We'll I think  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: yeah, we can think about it. It's simple.  
Them: Like, a sandbox EMR as in we create, like, a fake one, like, fake  
Me: Yeah. Like, quick quick dummy interface that has, like,  
Them: the simple user interface or something like that.  
Me: yeah, some stuff like tasks and, like, some patients maybe. Because I think that might help people like investors, like, what's going on here. Yeah. This is kinda interesting. Okay. I'll think about because that that in itself, this proof of concept is essentially, like, in an interactive case study, like, in its own. Like, you want it to be you know, tell a story in itself. Yeah. To really drive it home, it might need something like that. Yeah. So we can we can work on that. I mean,  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: something like that shouldn't be hard to do. It because if we're just making, like, a dummy interface, it shouldn't be hard at all. But But I didn't get interest Yeah. Super cool.  
Them: Well, glad you think it's interesting because we do.  
Me: I I think it's it's  
Them: It's good that you guys have a a good track record  
Me: a successful company.  
Them: of a successful company already. Right? That's gonna for sure, speed up the raise. It's it's it's really I'm not sure if you know, but it's really hard to raise right now with any pre revenue product. But because you guys already have this previously know, successful business that's profitable, We've got direct application of it. So that's what I think  
Me: To  
Them: is a big differentiator for us on this raise is, like, we could immediately drop  
Me: that side of the house. But it's just we wanna do it right  
Them: it into you know, thousands of clinics on that side of the house. But it's just  
Me: now. Right. Make sure it's got all the feature eventually.  
Them: we want to do it right, we want to build it right, we want to make sure it's got all the  
Me: That's what we're doing.  
Them: features eventually, but we just gotta go and get the capital for it on that side of the house. So  
Me: For sure. I think could be actually really interesting. I think it's it's gonna be fun to work on for sure.  
Them: that's what we're doing.  
Me: Cool. Yeah. Let's get to hear.  
Them: Cool. Yeah. That's good to hear. Awesome. Forward I'll follow-up with you on a time to probably later this week or early next week, we can  
Me: Oh, I one more question actually for Michelle. Did you have any sort of, like, requirements document drawn up or even, like, a  
Them: through the proposal together. Okay. That works. But we'll Yeah.  
Me: Google Doc of, like, you know, here here's what we're had written down about the chatbot. That would help. Yeah. We have that. So I'll send you two things sort of  
Them: Yeah. We have that.  
Me: overview I don't looking for, like, some ideas of how  
Them: I'll send you two things. It's sort of a overview of what we're looking for and, like, some ideas of how it would escalate, de escalate. But  
Me: down for that.  
Them: I'll send you that. The requirements and then also just what we broke down for the  
Me: The other two things that would really help is if you had  
Them: the SBIR grant has a lot of I think information in it already.  
Me: some example, like, like, conversations that you would want happen. Like, just again, doesn't you don't have to take a lot of time to do that. Just  
Them: Oh, okay.  
Me: very quick. Like, human would say this, bot replies with this, and then Okay.  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: Does this Yeah. I can do that. And then the final thing was if you had any ideas for  
Them: Okay. Yep. I can do that.  
Me: design vibe that you were going for, that might help too. Just like, hey. We like this style. We like to be more  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: friendly, look like this website, this app, or more sterile and look like this app, this website, whatever. Sure.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: That's fine. Code. Founder. She's the design. Hate that. So that for a break. So Sweet. It will be That's not strict that won't be, like, strictly necessary for the proposal. But, like, before we actually do design, I think that helpful. Okay. That's helpful. Great. Okay. Thanks so much for the time. This is Thanks for your time. Appreciate it, Richard.  
Them: Sure. That's my cofounder. She's the design I I'm not. So she's got stuff that we've we've worked on for our branding already. So we can kind of piggyback on that. Okay. Okay. That that's helpful. Great. Appreciate it. Thanks for your time.  
Me: Bye bye. Bye.  
Them: Oh, awesome. Appreciate it, Michelle. Talk soon. Speaking next week.